	My name is Sarah Prince and the coursework throughout this program has helped immensely in determining my strengths within the Computer Science field. While there are several components that make up Computer Science, I took a liking to the programming aspect the most. More specifically, I was fascinated with the role databases and queries had in relation to programming. I have taken several courses which required me to access databases, pull from databases, and even create one myself. My favorite project from this program was from DAT 223 Gathering Reqs/Collecting Data and involved me accessing and running queries from a relational database. I would then take whatever results were returned from the queries and identify any trends or patterns among them. I also learned how to create dendrograms and other pictorial representations to showcase my data to stakeholders. I got an inside look on how some companies could make business decisions or come up with marketing techniques based on findings from the database. 
	Other important concepts this program has taught me deal with the fundamentals of the field. I have learned how imperative it is to communicate, whether with other members of a team or with clients. While working on projects, academic or professional, communication is key to ensure they get executed efficiently. I had a course, CS- 250 Software Development Lifecycle, which focused on Agile methodology and the different roles of a scrum team. We took turns representing different team members to understand how vital each one was to delivering a quality product to the client. While communication was necessary, a lot of code review and trial and error was involved as well. “Fail fast” has been engraved into my mind from the Agile course and I believe it will be beneficial to know and understand in future careers. This mindset could help me in the future by saving time and money if an idea does not work. It is better to know early on if a specific part of a program or project is destined to fail. Another fundamental that has shaped my professional goals and values was security and the need for all data to remain in the right hands. Learning about authentication, as well the importance of verification and validation methods, have prepared me to not only enter, but to prosper in the Computer Science field.
	This final capstone project utilizes all the learned skills above and will demonstrate my abilities and strengths in this field. My artifact of choice is an application that shows popular tourist destinations and the enhancements from the three categories showcase everything I have learned throughout this program. Software engineering/Design, Data Algorithms/Structure, and Databases are the three categories that were incorporated into this project to add complexity and enhance the application overall. The same artifact was used to show all three enhancements which include CRUD operations, the addition of widgets, the incorporation of a single linked list, as well utilizing MongoDB. Each enhancement and narrative will elaborate on my chosen additions and prove why the inclusion of them was important. 



